Bowers Center for Sports, Fitness, and Well-being:
Welcome to the Bowers Center! This is your campus hub for relaxation and self-care, whether you’re focusing on physical fitness or emotional and mental well-being.
The Bowers Center features two floors. On the first floor, you'll find the Fresh Nest for smoothies and ramen, the Fieldhouse which has an inddor track, 
and the Demo Kitchen where students can make some healthy recipies. The second floor is home to the fitness area (gym), group fitness rooms, relaxation rooms, and more.
The second floor also houses the well which has sleep pods for relaxation!

Baugher Student Center (BSC):
The Baugher Student Center, or BSC, is a central spot where you’re likely to stop by every day.
The first floor offers the Jays Nest for grab-and-go food as well as other convenience items, mail services for all your package needs, 
Blue Bean where you can get Starbuck, and the college store. The KAV is also located here, hosting various campus events. On the second floor, 
you'll find the Marketplace (the main dining hall) and several offices like the Center for Student Success, Counseling Services, and Career Services.

Esbenshade:
Esbenshade is part of the Masters Center for Sciences, Mathematics, and Engineering. It houses classrooms for Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, and Occupational Therapy. 
The building has three floors: the first floor is home to the Engineering department, the second floor hosts the Computer Science and Psychology departments, and the third floor is where 
you'll find Mathematics and Occupational Therapy. It also features the Fabrication Lab, Networking Lab, and Robotics Lab.

Founders Residence Hall:
Founders is where most first-year students live. The hall has four co-ed towers: A, B, C, and D. Each room comes with two beds, two desks, and two chairs, making it a perfect space for you
and your roommate to settle in. The lobby which contains some games like ping pong and some relaxation area is between towers B and C.

Hoover:
Hoover is primarily the business building, where Business Administration, International Business, Finance, Accounting, and Data Analytics students attend most of their classes. 
It has two floors: classrooms are mostly on the second floor, while the first floor is home to the Finance Lab, the High Center for Family Business, and the School of Graduate and Professional Studies.

Lyet Wing:
Lyet is part of the Masters Center for Science, Mathematics, and Engineering, housing the Biology department. 
This is where you'll attend biological sciences classes. It has two floors, and the second floor features the Anatomy Lab and most classrooms while the first floor primarily features offices.

Marketplace:
Located on the second floor of the BSC, the Marketplace is the main dining hall on campus, offering all-you-can-eat options for students, faculty, staff, and visitors. You’ll find a variety of food stations, 
including a salad bar, omelette station, pasta bar, grill and deli, pizza corner, and dessert station. Cereal, ice cream, coffee, tea, and soda are also available. It has two sitting areas: the larger sitting 
area for big groups and a smaller area for smaller groups. 

Nicarry:
Nicarry Hall hosts classes for Sociology, Criminal Justice, Education, and Gender Studies majors. It has two floors, with most classrooms and faculty offices on the second floor.
The first floor houses the ITS department, the Study Abroad Program, and the Center for Global Understanding and Peacemaking (CGUP).

Zug:
Zug Hall is home to music majors and several administrative offices, including Financial Aid, the Business Office, and Registration and Records. The lower level is where you’ll find classrooms and music practice rooms
where students can practice playing their instruments without any interruption. The second floor houses offices as well as the recital room and 
a gallery space where student art are often showcased.